# TDDD23 Game Project Plan: Game-name-yet-to-be-determined
Project members:
Morgan Nordberg, morno368

# Game Idea

A smash-bros style game, but instead of typical fighting game mechanics a focus
on insta kill items. The emphasis of the games challange should be based on
mastering movement an effectivley manuvering around the level/arena. There
would then be different playable charectrs that move in slightly different
manners with pros/cons. The game would be competetive local-multiplayer, and
should have a fast-paced feel to it.

- Smash bros
- Duck game <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Duck_Game>

# Game Tech 

<!--Describe the technical system (game development tools or API) you intend to
use and make sure it's really a technology focused on game development. See
course home page for more details on requirements.-->

Raylib, a games programming library written in C <https://www.raylib.com/>

The library has easy to use functions for servicing basic video game needs such
as rendering images/models, playing sounds, reading inputs, setting up a window
and some more. 

# Progression in the Game

<!--Describe how your game will evolve and how your players will start with a
pick-up-and play experience that develops towards the full game experience.
Also, how will the game experience vary during the full game experience. From
introduction to full experience and over the full game experience, the game
needs to evolve to be fun to play. This cannot simply be the player getting
better at the game.-->

Various characters with different movement sets to master, and various maps
will have various items that differ in how to utilize them effectivley. So
there is alot of room for player imprivement, and in various
domains/directions. Various levels can also make movement more challanging
through enviormental effects/obstacles, since movement is supposed to be a core
aspect if the games skill element

# In-game feedback and visuals for teaching the game
<!--Describe your approach to teaching the game though the game play. Depending
on the type of game you intend to develop you can use different techniques and
need to think about this. You cannot have instructions, instead teach the
player through the experience. In the course, this is a central design aspect.
But for some very easy games, the teaching requirements are low. If that is the
case, you need to focus more on progression, variation and polishing the game
to perfection to address the design aspect of the course. -->

For items the look/animation, and to some extent the sound design, should
inform the player on what effects the item has. The players are going to have
to figure out alot of details through experimentation. Since it's a comptetive
game it's supposed to be played repeatedly. The biggest aprt of the experience
of such games is after all the act of self improvement, and learning/mastery


